Don't code anything yet - this is a brainstorming and planning request. I had to revert a day's worth of debugging and QA because you couldn't fix my issue. 
I'm rethinking the setup for batch QA now. My original request was to upload localized templates separately and requirements JSON separately because I thought that mapping the JSON by 
locale to each localized template would be straightforward, but there are clearly issues with mapping in production for the batch QA process. 

Here's what I'm thinking now. The output has to remain the same for the end user - the metadata table output, the images, the link section functionality can't change.

The part that would change (and would make QA for the end-user, a non-technical marketing associate, WAY easier and straightforward) is if they could bulk upload all their templates 
(so rather than one "Choose file" for each template, "Choose file" would let them upload several at once...)

The batch UI would then be able to detect the locales they want to test from the "lang=xx" in the <html> from the template, and the country code in the footer (refer to what we have for footer_campaign_code). There should be an error if something can't 
be matched with a locale list. (ex. en_US, en_CA, fr_CA, es_MX, fr_FR, it_IT, ja_JP) This would be a pre-QA step to load the info correctly in the UI.

Building on that, the domain can be assessed by the locale info because it's using URL parameters for country and language.

This way, the upload is super easy and straightforward, with fewer clicks. For the requirements JSON, the end-user would see the locales they are testing with form fields for sender_name, subject, and preheader.
They can paste these in a textarea, separated by commas. 

Don't code anything - I want to hear your feedback on this plan. Tell me the steps as to how you would accomplish this for the BATCH QA ONLY. Again, I don't want changes to step 4 and the output because the output has to match what the single template QA does and I still want the end
user to be able to tab across the different locales when batch testing. This would eliminate a lot of dropdowns, clicks and copy/pastes.